gc: note on cleaning data in the shared cache / remote case (#3467)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/how-to/share-a-dvc-cache.md

$ git add .dvc/config
$ git commit -m "config external/shared DVC cache"
```

<admon type="warn">

> When using a shared cache, running `dvc gc` in one project may break some links
> in another project. See more info about
> [cleaning a shared cache](/doc/command-reference/gc#cleaning-shared-cache-or-shared-remote).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `dvc gc` with a shared cache may delete data needed
in another project! See more info. about
[cleaning a shared cache](/doc/command-reference/gc#cleaning-shared-cache-or-shared-remote)
safely.
```

Author: `dvc gc` doesn't have shared cache (at least it's harder to read it this way) ...` using `dvc gc` in a project(s) with a shared cache ...`
